README.md, before:

# RandomNumberGame2025Landis

Current: (guessing before greeting)
1. Add include (stdio, stdlib, time) -> (because I forget this too often)
2. begin main as an int
3. add int placeholders/variables for user guess, the correct answer, and number of attempts.
4. generate a random seed with srand
5. generate a random number 1-100
6. 



What has happened:
8/29/2025 4:07pm - Wrote a program to simply generate and print the random number-

&nbsp;			and learned that printf required formatting: "%d\\n", in order for the variable to display.

8/29/2025 4:24pm - Got a while-loop working but kept forgetting formating such as above-
				also learned that the 1-100 might only be reaching 99, might have to add 1 to it during generation

8/29/2025 4:39pm - Attempted to add name and struggled with formatting to put user's name between two texts.
					- 4:43pm Forgot \n and the first guess jammed with the next line. (fixed).



Expected Output:
Hi, What is your name? Andy
Nice to meet you Andy.  Let's play a game
turn 1) Please guess a number: 50
too high
turn 2) Please guess a number: 25
too low
turn 3) Please guess a number: 37
too high
turn 4) Please guess a number: 31
too low
turn 5) Please guess a number: 34
too high
turn 6) Please guess a number: 32
you got it!
Great job

Commit message:

Hopefully final form
Fiddled with formatting and final "great job" phrase after realizing telling them the number attempts at the end was dumb because it already displays how many attempts were made at each guess.

README.md, after:

# RandomNumberGame2025Landis

Current: (guessing before greeting)
1. Add include (stdio, stdlib, time) -> (because I forget this too often)
2. begin main as an int
3. add int placeholders/variables for user guess, the correct answer, and number of attempts.
4. generate a random seed with srand
5. generate a random number 1-100
6. 



What has happened:
8/29/2025 4:07pm - Wrote a program to simply generate and print the random number-

&nbsp;			and learned that printf required formatting: "%d\\n", in order for the variable to display.

8/29/2025 4:24pm - Got a while-loop working but kept forgetting formating such as above-
				also learned that the 1-100 might only be reaching 99, might have to add 1 to it during generation

8/29/2025 4:39pm - Attempted to add name and struggled with formatting to put user's name between two texts.
					- 4:43pm Forgot \n and the first guess jammed with the next line. (fixed).

8/29/2025 4:49pm - Fiddled with formatting and words to get what should be the final game for now. :D I HATE C FORMATTING


Expected Output:
Hi, What is your name? Andy
Nice to meet you Andy.  Let's play a game
turn 1) Please guess a number: 50
too high
turn 2) Please guess a number: 25
too low
turn 3) Please guess a number: 37
too high
turn 4) Please guess a number: 31
too low
turn 5) Please guess a number: 34
too high
turn 6) Please guess a number: 32
you got it!
Great job
